Removed outdated docker-compose example and added link to examples (#6648)
owncloud/ocis: docs/services/app-registry/apps.md

The CS3org WOPI server app driver is included in oCIS by default. It needs at least one WOPI compliant app (e.g. Collabora, OnlyOffice or Microsoft Online Server) or a CS3org WOPI bridge supported app (CodiMD or Etherpad) and the CS3org WOPI server.

> The configuration of the actual app provider in a docker-compose example can be found in the [full example](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/deployments/examples/ocis_wopi/docker-compose.yml) especially [ocis-appprovider-collabora](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/563bf34870fec2c544bb00e0ee03133f505d5ea9/deployments/examples/ocis_wopi/docker-compose.yml#L102-L128) and [ocis-appprovider-onlyoffice](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/563bf34870fec2c544bb00e0ee03133f505d5ea9/deployments/examples/ocis_wopi/docker-compose.yml#L130-L161)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration of the actual app provider in a docker-compose example can be found in the [full wopi example](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/deployments/examples/ocis_wopi/docker-compose.yml) especially see the sections `ocis-appprovider-collabora` and `ocis-appprovider-onlyoffice`.
```
Note that I am replacing line number references with section names to avoid that upcoming changes are pointing to an outdated file.

Author: The file is rather big so I added the line references by intention to point users directly to the right place. I know it's a trade-off but IMHO we should keep the line references. Personally I would rather like a link pointing to a line reference which is a few lines off than a big file where I would need to search for the corresponding part myself.

Reviewer 2: > I know it's a trade-off but IMHO we should keep the line references. Personally I would rather like a link pointing to a line reference which is a few lines off than a big file

I don't care much about the line-references. IMO it's ok to keep them. But you should not link to a specific blob-id, but always point to master. Like this:

https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/deployments/examples/ocis_wopi/docker-compose.yml#L102-L128)

Sorry that this has been hanging around so long ...

Author: I combined the statements and kept the line reference while referencing master instead of the blob hash now. Changes are available in https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/pull/6648/commits/c818fce8061987d31e3d6872f3688eaffc1c640e. Awaiting your approvals ;-) .
